Update UIComponentsTreeControlAlarmBubbleUp.md (#1511)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/devguide/Connector/UIComponentsTreeControlAlarmBubbleUp.md

There is no alarm for a parameter in "Normal" state, so there will be no bubble-up: parent levels will be displayed in gray/Undefined instead of green/Normal.

> [!NOTE]

> > Adding or deleting this option in a connector can give unexpected effects. The alarms can not bubble up until a new alarm is created or bubble up is still present when removed. A potential workaround is to reapply the alarm template. But keep in mind this will adjust the time the alarm is created and because of this you lose the history linked to the alarm. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Adding or deleting this option in a connector can have unexpected results, such as alarms that cannot bubble up until a new alarm is created, or bubble-up that remains present while the option has been removed. A potential workaround is to reapply the alarm template. However, keep in mind that this will adjust the time the alarm is created, which means that you will lose the history linked to the alarm.
```
